Design Documentation
Updated Specification: we have added movement for the characters, where we allow our characters to 
mover around the map and change each charater's location each turn, the extent of how much they can
move is dependent on their speed, basically it dictates how many spaces they can move like a chess board.
We expanded on solid characters for the games, rather than having dummy characters with the same stats,
these characters all have different stats based on their unqiue traits and fighting styles.
We also added the new Item features, objects that characters use and consume so far, only once to 
modify a character's stats, like their health, attack power and speed.
We also have a increased UI functionality to provide a better player experience for the game.
As for the map we have also expanded the size of the map from 2x2 grid to a 6x8 grid. 

Design Decisions: 

Clean Architechture:

Solid Design Principles:

Design Patterns Implemented:

Progress Report: 
What each group member is working on
Jack: Jack has currently been working on the UI, making the sprites and the animations for the 
different characters that we have implemented, and he will continue to do that as we work 
towards Phase 2.

Jonathan: Jonathan has been working on the abstract character class, while helping and inspecting the design
pattern and functionality of our other classes such as items and the subclasses of characters, providing
suggestions and implementing the core functions for every character as in the actions that they 
can do, and he will continue to expand on implementing character functionality and new character 
abilities that may be implemented in phase 2.

Antony: Antony has been working on the item functionality, implementing the Item interface and 
creating the new consumable class that implements the item interface, where it's subclasses are three
new solid items that change the stats of a character upon consumption, while he also impemented 
the new solid characters based on the ideas and implemtations made by Jonathan, he will continue to work
on new subclass of items that implements item, known as weapons.

James: James has been implemeting the game class, that starts the game and essentially ties everything 
together, implementing functionality that conincides with the UI that Jack has been working on and 
putting together other functionality like characters, items and the action class to essentially
create tha skeleton of the game, and he has pretty much layed out how the game uses each specific functionality
availible, and will continue to work on this while further functionality will be implemented in phase 2.

Zihao: Zihao has built the action class that interacts with characters, items and as well as the map
class that creates the grid where the characters would be layed out and would also interact with 
the UI system. He has added additonal functionality to the action class to further interact with 
new implementations like the Item interface and the new expanded character functionality, as well
as expanind the map into a larger grid, specifically 6x8 map, and he will continue expand 
on the action class to interact with new functionaities implemented in phase 2
and further expansions of maps and terrain as we progress further.
